Add possibility to configure mTLS `validityDays` and `renewalDays` for each `KafkaUser` (#12658)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/security/con-securing-client-authentication.adoc

spec:
  authentication:
    type: tls
    validityDays: 30 # <1>
    renewalDays: 10 # <2>
  # ...
----
<1> (Optional) Number of days for which the user certificate will be valid. The number has to be bigger than 0 and than `renewalDays`.

> <2> (Optional) Number of days before certificate expiration when the user certificate should be renewed. The number should be bigger than 0 and smaller than `validityDays`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    validityDays: 30
    renewalDays: 10
 # ...
----

* `validityDays` defines the number of days for which the user certificate is valid. The value must be greater than 0 and greater than `renewalDays`.
* `renewalDays` defines the number of days before certificate expiration when the user certificate is renewed. The value must be greater than 0 and less than `validityDays`.
```

Reviewer: We're switching from callouts to bullets for these descriptions.
_optional_ might be a bit misleading in isolation and we explain in the next sentence

Author: Thanks for the review and tips.
Yeah I wanted to call that it's really _optional_ and I wasn't sure that this:

```
The `validityDays` and `renewalDays` have to be set together, or none of them should be configured.
If not configured, Clients CA configuration of validity and renewal days is used.
```

will suffice. Thanks again Paul :)

The `validityDays` and `renewalDays` have to be set together, or none of them should be configured.

> If not configured, Clients CA configuration of validity and renewal days is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `validityDays` and `renewalDays` properties must be configured together.
If they are not configured, the Clients CA validity and renewal day settings are used.
```
